From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Wow, I don't understand. Jeff, why are all these people here? It's the Super Bowl.
Why is our audience here?
I'm assuming that they came straight from their Super Bowl parties and made it just in time.
We should get it out of the way, right? We should do a sports corner.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Sports corner, doing the sports, throwing the balls, and you know what's worse than playing sports.
Doing the thing, it's a team action. Make sure you say you've got to jump up and down to the organized sports.
Jump, jump, yep, yep, sports.
Dan, let me start you off. Seattle Seahawks, Pats, whatever Pats is short for.
I'm not going to play that game. I couldn't not get that information.
The New England Patriots, first impressions going into the game with all the controversy that led up to it.
Everybody, the controversy. It was a weird year this year for the Super Bowl.
Dan, when people put the gate on the end of a name of a controversy.
Super Bowl gate?
I'm talking, of course, about the game leading up to the Patriots making it into the Super Bowl.
Some of their balls were under inflated.
Oh, there's the deflate gate.
I did see some of that. I saw Craig Ferguson or something that they did a funny video where people were spiking footballs and they photoshopped them just staying put.
Somebody said that they were under inflating the balls and that made them easier to catch.
Yeah, I got that. We're all on the same page.
So going in, hopefully they had that ironed out. What did you think about the, let's go right to the end of the game.
Some pretty amazing plays towards the end there.
I mean, there was so much, I mean, what Tuckerson did with the 11th hour.
You watch a whole game like that, point by point, quarter by quarter, and you're watching.
Usually, as you know, football is a game of yardage and that's not always a fun thing to watch.
It's not always a dramatic thing to watch.
In baseball, it's like, oh, he popped a fly to the third, and it's a big deal.
Every batter that comes up has an opportunity to create a story.
In football, it's a team effort. It's the long lost American dream.
You've got a quarterback, you've got a receiver, you've got a linebacker, you've got a fatback, you've got a wide receiver in case the line receiver fails.
The quarterback has to throw the ball and the point is yardage and it's an accumulation of that yardage.
And so we watched that happen tonight. It's a super ball.
A lot of people were turned off by that.
But at the end of the game, at the very end of the game, dramatic turn of events.
The guy ran and caught the ball.
It did, but then they were right about to score.
They were right in the end zone and the guy right before the end zone and the other guys did what they're supposed to do.
What they're supposed to do.
Correct.
But there was a question about whether they did it right.
They did it right.
There was a question, but the answer was yes, they did it right.
There was a question of whether or not the guy that caught the ball had caught it right.
Right. There's always a question about that, which is why they have the referees out there on the field.
And in that particular instance, the answer to the question, did he catch it right, was yes.
He caught it right.
Yeah.
So it didn't matter what the other people did.
What do you think about the halftime performance?
Oh, those musicians.
I haven't seen them in what, 10, 11 years?
A few of them a little bit longer than that.
And the combination of those musicians.
Correct.
Who would have thought that those musicians would appear in that combination?
Were you expecting a kind of early 90s-ish black kind of rock and roll?
No, of course I wasn't expecting that.
It's a halftime at the Super Bowl.
I'm expecting nothing more than the president of football to come out and throw candy.
Who would have known that superstar from the mid 90s?
Kind of supermodel dating.
Cindy Crawford.
Cynthia Bloomberg.
Madonna did that.
It's a guy.
Perry Farrell.
Perry was the last name of the girl that was the headliner in it.
What?
Katy Perry.
You said Katy Perry.
Don't applaud that.
I thought mixing Katy Perry with those guys, those crazy guys.
She's such a pop-sugar-pop bubblegum.
Just when you're thinking I'm being fed some top 40 bullshit,
I don't want to eat bubblegum for a living.
I'm a working man.
Then in comes the room, room, room.
The fucking hard-driving, overdriven fucking six strings of that fucking band
that shouldn't be with Katy Perry.
He's mostly just kind of a solo guy.
Fucking like Jethro Toll.
As I said before, black gentlemen.
Black?
You know, kind of.
American woman, he covered that one time.
You loved that. Mr. Cab Driver, and he was pretty big.
BB King?
He came out.
Lenny.
John Steinbeck came out.
Fucking right out.
Black guy named Lenny.
Black Lenny.
Lenny Kravitz.
That's all you had to say.
Black Lenny came out.
I call him Black Lenny.
Who would have thought he'd be with Katy Perry?
That's crazy.
I don't have a reason to question my consumerist lifestyle.
Not if these two are poking up in the 50-yard plan.
And then the female rapper came out towards the end.
Oh my God, when Pharrell came out.
Holler.
Look, I didn't know it wasn't until she said that.
Her name was on the TV, I would not have known.
Oh, is it a lady?
A lady rapper?
Little Kim.
Natalie.
Rapper.
Will Johnson.
If it's not a hit, it's a...
It's a Missy Elliott came out.
Amazing.
Talk about ending the culture war and getting back to shopping.
Like, it was a great, great halftime.
I just...
It's that time of year when we all realize there's nothing going wrong.
And then whoever won, won.
It was either the bird people or the fucking aqua people, I don't know.
And it was...
The important thing is that the right team won,
because it was the team, the corporation that owned it,
spent the right amount of money
aggregating dumb people from colleges around the country
who had been passed up through corrupt systems
and assembled into a team
so that you could overcharge people to watch
and generally train people for jingoism
in arenas in and around the world.
What was your favorite commercial level?
That's always a big thing.
I actually know about the commercials,
because people were tweeting me, you got to see the Liam Neeson one.
The Liam Neeson was in a commercial.
The two commercials that I saw,
and I don't know if it was because
the two commercials I saw were for apps.
They were for, like, gaming apps.
That was weird.
Liam Neeson did an ad for Clash of Clans,
and then there was another ad I got sent
that was some game of war or something.
Some lady game of war is a thing.
It was just another thing.
I don't know, but did Bud Light do anything?
There seemed to be a lot of commercials
about fathers neglecting their children.
Then there was a really horrifying one
by nationwide insurance, I think,
about your baby's going to be murdered
by your negligence around the house.
It was just like, don't let your kid die.
We'll save you from that.
If we haven't figured out by now
that that's what insurance is,
it's a protection racket.
I remember when I was 20 years old,
an envelope that I got in the mail,
there was literally a photo of Christopher Reeves
post-accident, Christopher Reeves,
on the envelope that said,
don't let what happened to me happen to you,
and it was an ad for an insurance company.
That's exactly what the mafia does in mafia movies.
Except they have the courtesy to not involve the guy.
It would just be a guy in a suit going,
don't let what happened to Christopher Reeves happen to you.
It'd be a shame.
It'd be a shame for that to happen.
It's amazing to me that we haven't caught on to this yet,
that our laws that protect us from the mafia,
if you actually applied them in an objective sense,
you should go after insurance companies.
Here's another thing. Guess what?
Airline companies are a cartel.
Look up the word cartel. Cartel.
I know you think the word cartel
means Mexican drug dealer.
Cartel is a collection of companies,
a collection of profit-seeking groups
who are supposed to be in competition,
who aren't in competition,
who work with each other
to minimize the consumer service
and maximize their own profits.
Airline companies, cartel, antitrust laws.
Hey, I learned about them in high school too.
Not applicable.
Haven't applied them in the last 30 years.
What the fuck happened to antitrust?
You're supposed to break up any company
that is imposing any threat to the competition.
Key component to fucking capitalism.
Competition. Competition.
No one is supposed to be safe in capitalism.
Nobody.
Even the guy at the very top,
the guy that sells you all the candy,
should be looking over one shoulder.
Every time Willy Wonka starts his car,
he should be like, I hope Snickers doesn't get me.
They're not supposed to have secret meetings.
They're not supposed to share information.
They're not supposed to have all the same board members
on their board of directors.
Fuck you people.
I was in an Alaska airline flight,
and they stopped providing blankets,
and it's cold flying up there.
I bet you could get them for a $5 upgrade fee.
There was an article in the New Yorker or whatever I tweeted.
It's a fucking expose of a goddamn cartel.
JetBlue just ended its,
hey, you're a human being.
You want to get somewhere?
Let's just give you, JetBlue just ended it.
JetBlue was seeing profits.
They were a profit-seeing airline.
They were doing fine.
JetBlue's gimmick was,
I believe there was no first class on JetBlue.
Was that the case?
All the seats were kind of equally alright.
It was generally like, it's kind of nice to fly JetBlue.
Let's just try this.
Let's try this as an experiment.
And the experiment was working fine.
They weren't going to go out of business.
It was going to happen to them.
They stopped it anyway,
because the stockholders in JetBlue said,
ugh, this obsession with pleasing the customer, ugh.
We don't want to buy your stock anymore.
You are obsessed with pleasing the customer.
And the way you make a profitable airline
is you slowly reduce the amount of fucking human space
that you have in coach, economy,
whatever the fuck you call it, pencil plus.
Now there's 95 classes,
and all of them are shrinking down.
I compulsively fly first class,
because they got me. They got me.
But even in first class,
white people problem with platinum addition,
first class is shrinking too.
Sometimes there's a room upstairs,
I think, where everyone's in an egg.
Like in an egg.
It's like secret class or something.
I'm sure that's getting bigger and bigger.
In case you're flying with one of the 700 people
that has all the wealth in the United States.
But their business model
is to shrink and shrink and shrink
everything that you have as an airline passenger
and offer you,
oh, did you want Perk Plus?
Did you want to put your feet on somewhere
that's not behind your head?
Oh, that you're a Perk Pluser.
Did you want a Perk Pluser Pluser?
And they just move you, boarding first,
and being allowed to have a backpack,
and did you want to bring Q-tips,
and they sell everything to you as this upgrade.
It's fucked up, man.
And they agree on it with each other.
They all have to have meetings about this,
and they go, okay, how many centimeters leg room
are we calling luxury?
Because if they don't agree on that,
that's really bad by six centimeters.
That makes a huge difference in a nine-hour flight.
What about Virgin America or Virgin Atlanta?
They seem like they're a nice airline to fly.
Yeah, I don't know where Virgin falls.
I fly them a lot, and they seem like they're kind of doing
their own kind of groovy thing.
I don't know, but my eye's on you, airlines.
That's the moral of that story.
Oh, do you want to do a new segment?
It's called Things That I Say,
Off the Cuff, that I swear,
like, if somebody on Parenthood said it,
like, it could be, like, an amazing piece of dialogue.
Okay, because I've been experimenting,
going through our new, because I can't use
licensed music anymore, I found this today
in hopes that maybe this might happen.
Okay, all right.
Things I said tonight just while getting dressed
with Erin that I'm like, wow, I sound like an NBC character.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Every once in a while.
It's short.
So Erin and I were talking about beards,
and I was talking about how I saw some red carpet lady,
fashion lady on the red carpet say,
like, well, you can expect a lot of beards this year
from the men.
And I was like, yeah, I've had a beard for a long time.
Everybody's finally doing beards.
And Erin and I were talking about the beards,
and what is that culturally?
And Erin was like, I don't want to put words in Erin's mouth,
and it's a hot button topic,
so I'm not putting words in Erin's mouth.
This is what I remember hearing.
Erin was talking about how, like, is that a thing
that's motivated from the feminine side,
like, based on what women want?
She was talking about, is it a possible reaction
to over-metrosexuality?
Like, are we, you know, like, the women are, like,
craving, like, something else?
We were having that conversation
in the privacy of our own home.
And then she said, yeah, it's definitely a heterosexual trend,
the beard.
It's not a gay trend.
And then she went in the bathroom,
and then I was standing alone in the bedroom,
and I went, hey, a gay trend.
Imagine being in charge of figuring out what those are.
Talk about finding a needle in a needle stack.
Because, because...
Because to me gay people are a trend.
All right.
I'm having it.
Real quick, on the beard thing,
I've been grasping about the beard business,
because I live in, like, Los Feliz,
which is near Silver Lake,
which is the Williamsburg,
which is the hip neighborhood of the city
that has the hip neighborhoods.
And I was in a restaurant in Brooklyn,
like, a few months or two ago,
having brunch,
and there were 15 guys in there, including me.
14 of those guys had the same fucking Hammurabi big ass
down to their fucking collarbone beard.
Whoa.
Yeah.
And it's like, you can't all have the same fucking beard.
That's crazy.
If you walked in the room and you were all wearing the same hat,
you're crazy people.
I just...
I just, like, and I told you so.
Like, I mean, everything I do,
like, 10 years later, everybody starts doing it.
You were the last to get a podcast, though.
That's true, yeah.
But now I'm going...
Now I got a video podcast.
I skimmed a couple of articles that people sent me,
because they know how much I have a beef about this whole beard craze,
and the phrase, lumber sexual,
and it's like, guys, wear it.
Lumber sexual?
And they have, like...
They wear the plaid shirts,
and they have the beards,
and it's a reaction to the...
Not just women's need to have men that are more masculine,
but men's need to reclaim masculinity from it.
That's where I immediately went.
But any woman that told me,
oh, no, women kind of define, you know,
what women say an attractive man looks like,
like, you got to believe under the surface.
That's what we do.
It's a weird dance we have.
It's like men's gimmick is, like,
I don't give a shit,
and that's sort of a staple of masculinity, too.
But, like, obviously, women are cracking the whip.
Like, sexual reproduction,
all of the changes are queued by the female side.
Like, that is as old as plant life.
Like, when we divided from asexual organisms
into a male and female,
the only thing that's consistent between,
like, all of the species from when we were flowers
until what we are now
is basically that the reason it speeds up Darwinian selection
is because it compounds it with half of the species dictates
how you get to the egg.
And that half of the species kind of tends to...
That's why you see on those nature shows,
like, the bird is going, like,
what the fuck is the bird doing?
It has to do, like, 900 things in order to just get near the...
It has to grow iridescent feathers and stuff like that.
And then, like, the lockhorn beetles and the...
There's all this weird shit they have to do.
And it's like, some of it is, like, an odd, like, random thing.
And it's like, because there's so much energy coming out of...
If you just endow...
If you divide your species in half and endow one half with the green light,
that is... I mean, that's not sexism.
That is as old as vegetation.
Drew Carey used to joke that every guy cuts their hair
like they had it when they were getting laid all the time.
Yeah, I know. That's why you look like George Lucas.
And it's like, yeah, guess what happened?
Oh, yeah, sure. I'm gonna make a ninth movie out of it.
You're just looking at his Papadare.
It's like, yeah.
George, you could get your haircut by, like, a thousand robots every morning.
Like, he can have nano-scissors injected into his hair follicles.
George Lucas could afford to have, like, the perfect haircut, for sure.
As far as he's concerned, I think he has the perfect haircut.
Exactly. Because that's the haircut he had.
That's the haircut he had, the night that something happened to him sexually,
that he doesn't connect to American graffiti.
Like, he's like, ah, yeah, she really liked me.
I heard another thing, and I did not follow up on this,
and in keeping with last week's theme of unverifiable facts
that we don't know anything about, but we must make other people Google,
is that apparently I heard there was a reaction among the bear community,
like the bearded gay gentleman who are, you know, the little heavier, like, bearded...
The Harmons.
They did not get that from you, the bear culture.
Oh, no, no, no, they had it.
Okay, yeah. But they're apparently, like, they feel like they're being co-opted
by a bunch of straighties going out there and dressing up like bears.
They'll be all right. They're bears.
They're fine.
Do we have any bears here?
Do we have any bears here? Any self-identifying bears?
Yeah?
Just kidding.
Well, now that we know you're just kidding, it's weird for you to go,
yeah!
It should have been, rah!
Yeah, you're sp... yeah.
I always say, I've met bears.
I feel...
I like bears. I like that idea.
When I was in Palm Springs for New Year's Eve,
I forgot my swim trunks at home back in LA,
and so I went to this place to go buy them,
and I went to this place called Gay Mart USA,
which is, by its own admission, America's favorite gay superstar.
And they sell, among other things, really good bathing suits.
Also, lots of cock rings and lube.
And, like, fancy underwear and stuff.
So I thought it'd be funny if I went back to the parties,
we're all doing shopping for this big New Year's Eve party that's going to happen,
and a bunch of people are going to come, I didn't know.
And so, I bought, you know, we all got snacks,
and there's food, and there's booze, and all this stuff.
So I wanted to find, they had these little cock rings that looked like lifesavers,
a little j... a little bigger than that, with a jelly,
like, kind of stretchy little jelly things,
and they come in little plastic lifesaver wrappers.
And so I thought, I just, they're really, like, they're not expensive,
so I just buy a big bunch of them, put them in a bowl,
and have those next to, like, their pretzels and shit, and they'll be like...
You can have cock rings, because everyone's going to come with couples more or less to this party.
I thought, okay, let's put the cock rings in.
So I asked the gentleman behind the counter at GameMart,
do you have those little jelly cock rings?
All they had were these really high-concept-looking cybernetic, like,
Shadowrun cock rings, I didn't mind fucking... did not know how to...
I'm talking, I'm going to drink.
Oh, I'll keep talking.
So, I said, do you have those little gel ones?
He goes, no, we're out of those, they're just so great, though.
I go, do you know a store, like, because there's one little strip there
that's all these, like, gay bars and stores and, like, fashion places.
It goes down to bear wear.
I'm like, where's bear wear?
He's like, it's just two dollars down.
I go into bear wear, it was the fucking best.
Guess what's in bear wear?
A bunch of the most adorable bear couples is walking around buying,
putting, like, holding up clothes on a hanger and holding it up to their boyfriend.
I'm like, everyone's buying, like, little outfits and, like, scarves and things,
and I'm up there just talking cock rings with the top brass,
and it was really nice.
I really enjoyed my time at bear wear.
Also, I took the cock rings to the party.
Three of them instantly were gone.
And no one was talking.
And I think I found it later on that two of them were gone,
the girlfriend had taken them for the boyfriend,
because there was going to be lots of drinking involved,
and they want, you know, a little enhancement later on down the line.
Well, that, I'd like to, I mean, I kind of think maybe a later episode,
but, like, I want to understand the cock ring concept.
I'll explain it all to you in a moment.
One of the cock rings was out of the wrapper next to the bowl.
I'm like, who did this?
The guy's like, I thought it was candy.
I'd like to understand cock rings,
and I'd like to understand the bear community if there is, you know,
if there's a bear Harmontown out there.
We must, I'd like to think we have a few bear fans out there.
It'd be nice.
I sometimes feel like we somehow marginalized the marginalized on our show.
I feel like the bears do a pretty good job of saying,
like, you have a store called Bearware,
and in there everybody looked like exactly what I wanted bears to all look like.
It was really cool.
Frankly, I'd like to see more black people in the audience,
and I'd like to see more gay people, but you can't see them as well.
But we often ask, like, who's gay?
And it's like, I don't, I just want, you know,
let's throw some ladies in there, too.
Like, I don't, I'd like to...
After black people and gay people?
In keeping with the American tradition.
Gay people were president.
I just, I feel like we're doing something wrong.
I feel like I cut the silhouette of some kind of, like,
Belushian, like, figure.
It's not what I mean to do.
I know I'm ignorant, I know I'm clumsy,
but I love all people, and I wish we had more black Armenians.
It makes me feel like we're doing something wrong.
If you're black and you're out there,
well, then you're out there.
So you're fine.
If you're black and you're out there,
I don't want to sound racist, but do you know other black people?
Could you tell them to come here?
Are any of your best friends black people?
Right, and that's the hell, now I'm racist,
for asking you if you have black friends because you're black.
I don't want to do that.
If you're black and you're out there, thank you.
That's the, thank you.
What's your name over there?
Jamal.
Jamal, fucking.
Cha-ching.
Jamal, indeed.
But can we, I mean, that's, but that's the thing,
like all his friends pointing at him, like, that's,
that's the, like, that's, that's why,
that's why they don't, that's why they don't come.
They don't want to get sucked into my black hole,
my white hole.
Is, is community, does it have a large black audience, do you know?
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
How do you measure that?
Do you get a lot of black people tweeting you and saying,
I love your show?
No.
Rick and, Rick and Morty, I think Adult Swim has a larger black audience,
so a lot of, and I, I, this is going to sound crazy,
and I, I don't, I don't believe anything about this.
I'm only repeating what seems to be the case,
but it seems like, it seems like a black audience is like animation a lot.
Like they, Adult Swim has, like, a black audience,
and Rick and Morty, like, I, like, community, like, episodes will go,
and I'll just, I'll look at the tweets,
but then when an episode of Rick and Morty is airing,
like, there's a lot more, like, like, like, a face that you just,
I just go like, ah, man, that guy, man, I wish he was my friend.
Just with a tweet that's like, this motherfucker just said,
butters a disease or something.
I don't know.
Like, like, they'll, like, quote, like a thing,
but they'll kind of quote it in sort of a street language.
And it, and it, and it validates me.
So black people, come on down next Sunday.
And keep watching Rick and Morty, and I love you too.
All right, so moving on to a couple more things.
So obviously I was right in my predictions about the Jurassic Park Nine,
whatever, the park is open, and I, I, I'm not, I wasn't psychic.
I had heard reports that Chris Pratt is playing a raptor trainer in the movie.
Does he go out like a quarterback at the end with a bunch of raptors,
and they're all going to go clean house?
He certainly does, he certainly does.
In the newest trailer, it's becoming very clear that he,
uh, that he trained, that he trains raptors for a living,
and he hangs out with them, and he loves them.
And then, like, there's this big dinosaur they've made that's like a big,
they shouldn't have made this big dinosaur.
And then he, in this new trailer, he's saying, he goes like,
we got to go out there with everything we got,
and it cuts to him on the four-wheeler with a flock of the last raptors.
Everything we got includes his trained raptors.
Did they say, uh, this time the girls are cleverer?
Yeah.
It's just pretty amazing, and there's nothing to it.
I did like the, uh, I mean, the fact that they had to show it to you,
I would like to have not seen it in the, in the trailer,
but there's a Jurassic Park sea world, and a giant,
giant kraken comes out of the, comes out of the ocean,
and eats of, like, an orca hanging from a string or something like that.
Which, by the way, I don't believe would be a part of the real Jurassic Park.
Which parts of it did you buy as real parts of the Jurassic Park?
Well, if there's reptiles that are ancient, that are walking on Earth,
it's like, I don't think that a park is going to put their money into a tank so big
that a gigantic, the creatures in the sea are already prehistoric.
Sharks are prehistoric.
Like, whales are basically prehistoric.
Like, they're fucking old and giant, and it's neat to watch them jump out of water.
But there wasn't a thing, like,
you know, 100 meters long. Yeah, me or Google a boobala.
But, like, now you're being racist.
Guess what's last on your list if you go to Jurassic Park?
You're not going to go to the fucking water tank.
How are they going to get the insurance companies to sign off after the first Jurassic Park?
Like, where do they, like, we got it all figured out.
This is a new world.
It's the money, Jack.
It's the, like, what do you mean?
Are you going to go see it?
I'm not going to go see it.
I'm not going to go see anything.
I'm 42.
I will wait the three weeks until it's on my wristwatch.
You don't go out to the theater anymore?
If it's Valentine's Day, maybe I'll go see it.
But, you know, Paul Rudd better be in it or...
All right, so go see it.
You never feel like, oh, this is a movie that's going to be better on a giant screen.
I want to go see this on a large screen.
The last time we tried that was Monuments Men.
I don't think we've been to a theater since.
You thought that story about stealing Hitler's art was only going to be great on a big screen?
No, I was just saying, like, movies are for kids.
Like, going to see movies are for kids.
And then as the kids get, you know, they parlay their parents' money into a new support system for themselves,
eventually you buy a screen on your wall and then you wear a bathrobe and you watch the movie on your wall.
These guys know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, you live in a little shitty apartment.
You go to movies.
But you dream of this.
You dream of rocking the fucking, like, the boiler room down here.
For the non-visual listener.
Walking naked around a mansion, a barfin' and pukin' and, I don't know, why a barfin' and pukin'?
I meant to say burpin' and poopin'.
It's not far off, man.
You want to be Jim Morrison.
You want to be Howard Hughes.
Yeah, so you get the big screen, the wealth distribution.
You see that chart?
Oh, everybody's got more money as you, like, yeah, you get older and you want that money.
You want that big screen in your house.
Why is this, we spend some money, you, I mean, we meaning you, spend some money getting all these cameras up
and we get the live stream going on.
Why can't we kill this cricket that's been here plaguing us?
It's the only theater that has one cricket that never goes away.
He's my conscience.
But how can he listen to you if he never shuts up?
He's telling me, just like, he's only saying one thing over and over again in case I ever listen,
which is like, you're supposed to be at work.
Your show needs help.
Are you way behind schedule?
Of course I'm behind schedule.
I'll talk about that.
All right, last thing, last thing on my, last thing on my thing.
I really recommend everybody watch this show Empire, okay?
It's on Fox.
It's a show about, Terrence Howard plays a hip-hop record label mogul.
It's like a dynasty.
Our friend, N.T., called it Black Dynasty.
It's, he's black.
He can call it that.
Also, he's black and he stopped coming to our show.
Yeah, see, Jamal, please move up front next week.
We're trying, and tell us what we're doing wrong.
But Empire is, it's just a, I don't know, it's like a perfect story of like, I don't know, just watch it.
Watch the pilot.
It takes you 40 minutes to watch the pilot of Empire.
The dad is the mogul.
He's running a record label.
It's established immediately.
He's a record producer.
Sorry, I got a little vodka off my mustache.
Jamal, that can be yours next week.
The pilot opens on him sitting in like, basically a throne, like a cushioned throne overseeing a chanteuse singing into the microphone in the VO booth.
And she's like, singing a song, some R&B song.
And he goes like, stop it, stop it. And then he presses the mic button and he goes like, I need you to sing as if you just found out you were going to die.
And then she's like, and then as she's singing, it intercuts from her singing to him thinking about the fact that earlier today he was in a hospital getting his hospital test results.
So we're already knowing that he's going to die.
And then he goes in the booth and he goes like, all right, hold on. And he goes in the booth and he goes like, how are you doing? How are you doing?
And she's like, fine. And he's like, do you remember when your brother got shot?
This guy sounds like a real bully.
He's not a good man.
No.
Sing to him. And then of course she goes back and then she's like, I'm not doing a good impression.
But of course she sings really well. And it's like, that's the first three minutes of Empire.
And it's like, just so you now know what a record producer does for a living, if he's good, if he gets results.
He emotionally terrorizes people?
Yeah. And so then they keep flashing back to the life. So I don't want to spoil it all.
I'm telling you, just watch the pilot because the thing about the show is you're never watching one scene for more than one minute.
The show is not, Dallas would be like eight minutes of two women about to pull each other's hair by the end of the episode.
It would set it up the whole time. This is like one minute, one minute, one minute, one minute.
There's like eight locations and this matriarch cookie who gets out of prison and the pilot goes back and forth between all the eight locations around the clock.
And it's just stirring shit up because of course the company was built on her back and she went to prison.
But the dad, I'll say nothing more about the show and then you make your decision of whether you want to watch it or not.
But in one of the flashbacks to the 90s when the patriarch who founded the label, who used to be a gangster rapper, who previous to that was a real gangster,
in one of the flashbacks, he's wearing a doo rag in his one bedroom apartment living room and he's got one baby on his arm and there's three sons in the show.
And then the gay son, because one of his three sons is gay, and the idea is that one of his three sons has to take over the record label because he's dying of ALS, but he's not telling anybody.
His gay son comes into the living room, as gay sons do, wearing high heel shoes and with a scarf around his head,
and like swishing around and going like, look at me, I'm like a six year old boy but here's how you know I'm gay.
And the dad gets so infuriated, he scoops the son up, takes him outside and puts him in the garbage.
Puts his son in a garbage can.
He throws his gay son away in the garbage and puts the lid over him.
That's a shame, people throwing away a perfectly good black boy like that.
So I mean it's saying if you're interested in drama, maybe tune into Empire and check it out, there's only 12, 13 episodes.
That's so specific, that has to be based in true anecdotal shit.
Because I was so fascinated with it, I've heard rumors that one of the writers or actors had that experience, that happened to them.
But I mean, amazing.
That's horrifying.
So watch Empire, I think.
How many episodes are there already?
I think there's like 13, I'm three in, and it doesn't slow down.
It's pretty fun.
So just watch it, will you?
Jamal, do you watch it?
No, that's racist to ask him, it's racist to ask him.
No it's not, it's racist to not be able to ask that.
Ugh.
I can't really, you're sitting way back, the lights are on you.
I seem that he's the kind of guy that can handle that sort of question.
It's racist to say you can't see him.
I can't see the white people next to him either.
Okay, alright.
If I can't, how do I know they're white people?
If I can speak for Jamal for a second.
That's racist.
I'll take that risk.
Okay.
I'm gonna speak on Jamal's behalf for one second.
You know, we can just bring him up.
No, no, no.
Too dangerous.
Come on.
We can't have anarchy.
Yeah, you all heard the trash can story.
I'm Jamal, I'm speaking as Jamal for a second.
I wish tomorrow I could wake up and spend an entire day from waking up till I go to bed,
not being my friend's black friend.
I just want to be their friend, I just want to be Jamal.
Jamal, do you want to come up and tell us if that's true?
Can you come up?
It's just...
I only downloaded a few new songs and that was an accident.
It was that or the new Shadowrun theme I have very little to choose from.
I meant it, I'm proud.
Well, I mean, how accurate are we?
You're actually 100% accurate.
Yeah, you wish you knew what it was like to not think about race.
It's just like...
I see other people around, they're hanging out with their friends.
I'm like, that's cool, but I don't want to explain it.
I just want to be white, honestly.
Good night, folks.
You just made Dan's dreams come true then.
Let's say you just want to be white or have everyone in the world suddenly become black
or any other means by which we could erase this concept, which seems to be an artificial conceit
so that it doesn't eclipse every conversation, every moment.
Or were you making fun of me when you said what you said?
I was just making fun of you.
So we've entered a generation where you're not thinking about that at all, you don't care.
I'm just dragging you down by thinking about it.
Yes.
So we're just waiting for me to die.
That's good though, that's a problem that solves itself, that's good.
All right, well, what else do you want to talk about?
Are you plugging a book?
I have a mixtape drop-in in December.
What's your mixtape name?
It's called Straight Fire.
There's no way to know when you're making fun of me or not.
You get to control everything, he gets to make you feel uneasy.
Is there anything that you could link to or anything?
No, I was lying.
Who is the real you, what are you doing?
I'm not sure exactly what you mean.
What are you, are you a student or do you have a job?
I'm a student at LMU.
LMU?
LMU, what's LMU, what is that?
Loyola Marymount.
It's a college.
Where, tell me what the LMU stands for.
Loyola Marymount University.
It's like near USC.
You seem like you want to go to this.
It's like south towards the airport, sort of.
Towards the airport.
You got KXLU record, radio station there, right?
Don't you?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty white.
Would you tell some other black kids to come to the show?
I don't know many other black kids.
We got to take baby steps.
You need to be satisfied having any black people here.
He's a black guy who listens to podcasts.
He may or may not have only black friends.
No, I didn't make that mistake.
But the white guy that brought you here.
What about him?
Your friend, your white friend.
Does he have any black friends?
I'm the black friend.
And you don't really make mixtapes?
No, no, I don't.
He said he has a mixtape dropping sometime.
You drop that off to your girlfriend.
That's in 1987.
What are you studying?
I'm undeclared right now.
What would be your dream gig if you could have your pie in the sky?
Do you do anything you wanted for a living?
I'd probably be on community.
Fairy tales can come true.
What can happen to you?
There's a table in the back.
You put your headshot in a basket back there.
Everybody knows that.
Is this your first time at the show?
Yes, it is.
You don't know about the table?
I know you're joking.
Is there a part in your back of your head?
You knew that Spencer was just a fan.
He came one time when he got on the show.
Adam, I know you think that.
I've been on twice.
Really?
I don't watch the show.
I think Adam started coming to the Harmontown Show because he was on community.
He got wind of...
Oh, is that right?
I didn't know that.
Jamal, other than wanting to be on television,
what is your dream?
I have no idea.
How old are you?
I'm 18.
Oh yeah, you don't have to know yet.
Do whatever you want.
Be nice if you knew.
His parents aren't paying for him to have a lifetime vacation.
Did you know you wanted to be at 18?
Yeah.
I was going to be a sportscaster.
And I refused their money.
And I worked hard at Marquette University to become a sports journalist.
For real?
Yeah.
Or maybe I can lie too.
All right, cue the...
Let me do some rapping.
Jamal, you're going to want to stay for this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
From the streets, yeah, from the streets, yeah.
From the streets to the streets, from the alley to the streets, from the streets to the road.
Fuck your mama like a frog or a toad.
Put my dick in her mouth dissection.
Fuck your mama's infection.
Gross.
Fuck your mama from the ceiling to the floor.
Fuck your mama so hard she wanted some more.
Fuck your mama down the hall.
Fuck your mama slumber and fall.
Fuck your mama in the new way.
Fuck your mama till she was gay.
Hold on, hold on, hold on, new area.
Okay, whoa, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Left to the right.
Fuck your mama till she lost her sight.
Needed a stick to walk around.
Fuck your mama till she didn't know what town.
Hold on, hold on.
Jamal, uh, what city are you from?
Claremont? Where's that?
Is this in California?
Oh, god.
Alright, alright.
Yo, yo.
J to the A to the M-A-L.
I fucked your mama so hard, but she'll never tell.
That doesn't mean it was rape.
Okay, Jamal, everybody.
Thank you.
Thank you, Jamal.
Now Dan, while the beat is still rolling,
I want you to sing the melody hook
like you were gonna die tomorrow.
Yo, yo, oh, oh, rain, rain comes down on your umbrella.
Every drop makes you me, I'm your guy.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Alright.
It's very unsettling to me that an 18-year-old kid
can come up and just go,
I wish I was white,
and then have me go like,
oh, yeah, yeah.
And then kind of like try to meet him halfway,
and then he's like, I'm just fucking with you, bro.
Like, I don't know if you noticed,
but it kind of threw me, because I'm like,
well, if we're really living in a post-racial America,
then we have a huge problem,
because then that means that we're...
There's a huge...
We're not paying attention to certain things that...
Is the problem that when he said he wishes he were white,
he wasn't like?
No, no God, no.
I don't want him to be telling the truth when he says that.
I'm saying like, the idea that it's become a joke,
that race can become a joke before we address the issues
that are tagged race,
that's the troubling thing to me as a Gen Xer.
That's the troubling thing.
I think that behind...
I'm getting a little tipsy,
so I should not be talking in this area.
But I...
So let me put a pin in it.
I think that race is tied to wealth distribution
in an unfortunate way
that needs to be paid attention to,
and I think that the race as artificial construct,
egalitarian, let's all ignore everything that separates this thing,
is 50% the solution and 50% part of a shell game,
as part of a larger system that says,
you're racist if you pay attention to anything
that separates anybody,
because it keeps your eyes off of the walnut
that has the pee under it.
And I'm too drunk to go further with that.
Also too uneducated.
I dropped out of my first semester at college,
so I don't have anything to back that up.
But I always get suspicious of that,
and that's the same thing with religion,
when you hear me piping up about religion.
It's like, I had like a big Twitter exchange
following the David Cross episode,
or I thought David Cross is...
As Aaron says, David Cross's atheism is truly empowering.
Like, he's the kind of guy that's like, he goes,
hey, I'm an atheist, nobody else should be.
And the thing that makes me argue
with people who are evangelical about their atheism,
is the suspicion I have,
that the things that we're tending to blame
just religion on,
which is basically like kind of all bad stuff,
it freaks me out that we can just jump on that.
Because I get worried about the real criminals
who are inherently not religious people,
or atheists, they're just capitalists.
And they get away with actual crimes,
that there's a class system that is tied to this stuff,
and that when you say in this country that there's a culture war,
and you point at all the dummies that, you know,
they believe so much in God
that they think the world was created in six days.
You're also talking about people who play scratch-offs
and believe in the horoscopes.
You're talking about people who are kind of exploited.
You're talking about people who have been convinced
by people who are kind of bullying them
that their faith should be put in military
and fear of strangers and all this stuff.
I just worry a little bit about the intelligentsia,
just dogpiling on all religion,
because I don't think the corner pastor
in your neighborhood is at the top of the conspiracy.
So, too drunk.
My obsession with race and religion and all that stuff
is I'm always suspicious of the actual thing in the room,
which is rich people have more than poor people,
and we kind of never talk about that.
I don't know if that's because it's boring,
or if it's because it's like,
if they're actually successfully distracting us from talking about it.
So, how'd your vasectomy go?
Aces.
I hope I didn't get too drunk to play Shadowrun.
Don't get too drunk to play Shadowrun.
No, I don't.
Don't tell me not to.
But your character,
because I've read Spencer sent me your character sheet.
Did you see one of your negative qualities on there?
Alcoholism.
Severe alcoholism.
All right, so it's a big night.
We're going to start playing Shadowrun tonight.
What is that video?
What's the plan for the video?
What is the...
What are you doing?
That's the most ironic statement in the world.
You're sitting in the room.
You paid $10.
There's cameras everywhere.
The entire thing is being live streamed.
How long has that camera been up?
Since I started talking about anything that might get me in trouble, is that...
But are you from out of town?
And you're like, they won't believe this.
All right, okay, okay.
I've lashed out at my best friend, I'm sorry.
Where are you from?
We're part of LA.
I grew up in Venice.
Venice, nice. Do you go to Venice High?
No, because my parents thought I'd get shot, so they sent me to St. Lauderdale.
Did you get shot?
Didn't get shot.
Didn't get shot? Your parents were right again?
Now, speaking of the kind of anti-capitalist distribution of wealth thing,
I think it's kind of built into this whole shadow-run universe.
Oh, for sure, yeah.
The corporations have taken over, and there's a group of mercenaries
who either exploit it or are exploited by it.
I believe we are a dragon awakening away from living in the world that shadow-run exists in.
All right, well, let's bring out...
Should we bring them out in one at a time, or just bring them out?
Let's bring out my wife, Erin McGathy.
Hello.
Thank you. Hello.
Oh, yeah, kill the baby.
Star of the new number one channel on a one-show, kill the baby.
I'm the baby.
Female lead, I would, yeah.
Oh, that's nice. Yeah, thanks.
Unless the baby's a girl.
I think the baby's a boy.
Baby's a boy.
Thanks for having me. Goodbye.
But you're the baby? I haven't seen it, I'm sorry.
I'm not the baby. This is a channel one-at-one show from Alex and Ariel that went first this last week.
And I play the wife to a man who wants to kill our baby.
Okay.
Yeah.
Check it out.
All right.
Was this all part of that nationwide insurance campaign that wasn't acceptable to me?
Wait about that.
Explain the nationwide thing.
I think, like, I was watching at the drawing room and the sound was kind of, like, at,
pardon me, at 50%, so I couldn't quite hear it.
And there was a kid, like, and he's in a bathtub, but he's sailing the seven seas with his dog,
and he's in the tree house, and he's got the dog up there.
And then, then, like, he's, like, a kid, like, being, like, an imagineer of his own fun.
And then all of a sudden, there's just a picture of a bathtub that's overflowed,
and then a TV that's fallen, like, clearly would have crushed anybody beneath it.
And it said, you know, most childhood deaths are preventable.
And everyone in the bar was like, whoa!
Dead baby commercial!
Does the company tell you what's appropriate to put in different rooms in your house?
It says, like, go to Don'tKillYourBaby.com, and we'll fucking, we'll help you save up
your house from certain disaster, or give us $500 a month, and we'll make sure, like,
it's fucking horrible.
And it'd be a shame if anything bad should happen to your baby.
Hey, you got a good baby.
Your son, your son seems like a nice kid, you know.
Be ashamed of, I don't know, maybe a flat screen television lands on his head.
I don't know.
It happens.
It happens all the time.
Go to Don'tKillYourBaby.com.
You see terrible statistics about such things that I would hate to see happen to your only son
with the high heels and the trash cans.
So joyless.
He wears the high heels and the rag on his head.
Yeah, when the gay son comes out, clearly the young actor was confused, and they just
threw a scarf on him and the things, and they're like, come out like you're doing the wrong thing.
So it's a six-year-old actor doing this, like it's a little boy doing this?
Yeah, it's incredibly offensive because it means that gay means that you wear high heels
and scarves on your head.
I dressed up as a kid a lot, and some of that included dressing up in women's clothing,
because I had two options, dad's clothes or mom's clothes, and I wore them all.
That sounds like a poll quote from your autobiography.
I wore them all.
I do recall coming out, because my parents would have these swanky late-70s dinner parties,
and there was fondue, and all the dudes had suits and great mustaches and looked like the Marlboro man.
And the women all had great dresses on and were named Lorraine and shit, and they all...
Do you think there was some key business happening?
Key?
Key party business? Do you think your parents were part of...
You know, I've actually considered that retrospectively, but I don't think so.
I don't think it was really that kind of vibe.
It was a pretty permissive environment in terms of...
Yeah, it was just 70s. People were groovy, and the guys did their thing,
and the women would kibbutz and talk and smoke and drink.
But I do remember coming out of my mom's bathroom and took one of her products, like eyeliner or lipstick,
and I think I put it on, and I did a big Revlon commercial for everybody.
That's so cute.
Like you...
I would come out and do it, because you watch TV, and they do commercials,
so they would be having this dinner party that my brother and I were not supposed to come out and interrupt,
because there were being adults, and probably swinging, probably fucking.
And I would just come out and interrupt it for a little 30-second spot,
so I would come out and sell you some lipstick that I found.
So you would come out and go, like, Revlon make-ups.
Yeah, the new Revlon Ultra color. The new thing with the lips.
Which...
Was your mom putting the makeup on you?
No, I was just raiding her bathroom and finding things to sell, like to do commercials for her.
Got it.
Also, I was auditioning for commercials around that time, too, so maybe that was in my head as well.
Did I ever tell you the one about me running into a party with some information that I'd discovered?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we've heard that.
That was a great story.
All right.
Let's bring out Game Master Spencer Crittenden!
Game Master!
He is the gay master!
Put him in a trash can. He hiles on.
Game Master, all day long.
Hey guys.
Hey Spencer, what's cooking, man?
You know, just throwing away children.
I don't know. I don't know you guys. I'm kind of... I'm kind of...
Oh, run out. Run out of juice.
You?
Yeah.
It's 9-Eleven.
Oh, I didn't even...
It's not... It's January 1st. The clock says 9-Eleven.
I wasn't even thinking it was 9-Eleven when I said that, but, like, yeah, this is getting close to my bedtime.
It's just, you know, it's no good.
We do this every week, Spencer.
And I usually go to bed at, like, 10 or 9.30 if I can.
Yeah.
Yeah, sleeps the best part of the day.
Also, you've been...
As far as I know, you've been spending a good part of your waking hours working on Shadow Run for us.
Yeah, I mean, it is. Yeah.
I've read the book about four times now, and I still barely understand it.
I reread some of that stuff multiple times, and I still have only a passing knowledge of it.
Oh, I know you do.
I haven't read it, and I get it.
Yep.
Are our friends...
I'll teach you.
Is DeMorge Brown here?
Yeah, he's here.
Oh, okay. DeMorge, are you here?
DeMorge Brown.
Downtown.
DeMorge, do you know Jamal?
I don't know Jamal, but I will meet him.
He lives a very sequestered life.
I can reach him through the network.
Black people!
There's a special slash...
Jamal's an extra special name because it's a math book name.
Well, everyone's saying what, but when I was in school in math books where it has pictures
of different people, a lot of the African-American kids were named Jamal.
Math book name.
As a white writer, if you know a character as African-American, you cannot name them Jamal.
There's a short list of names that the other white writers will go, no, send it back.
You can't do that, which is funny.
Should you tell them that in the world of commercials?
Because when you audition for commercials, pretty much every script that has a black
character in it is named Jamal.
I think that's part of the reason, though.
I think it's just Ebon Flo.
It's a beautiful name and you're a beautiful person.
That's why I think it Ebs and Flows.
I think culture gets a hold of those.
I think white writers, they're all white.
They get confident and the bubble inflates and then it bursts because the ninth all-state
commercial to have a kid named Jamal in it, then somebody starts going, this is the new
Leroy.
We can't do this anymore.
Dan, when you're creating a black character for a community or another show...
I would never do such a thing.
You know Dan's the first person a Hollywood ghost would do when they're creating a new
black character.
He's a consultant.
Have you ever gone and tried, I want to make this a black-sounding name.
For instance, I'm unlikely to meet a white D'Morge.
D'Morge sounds like an African American name.
The United States you're not, but in Switzerland you are.
Is that right?
Oh, I didn't know that.
There's a whole village full of family...
No shit?
There's a village of D'Morges?
It's a last name, but there's also a horse, a racing horse right now named D'Morge.
It's a horse.
Stop being so racist.
I love it.
No, no.
It's like in this country now, but outside of that spirit.
But it's a unique first name, right?
Yeah.
We cast Keith David in this season of Community, so the character, the actor is cast before
the character is named, so here's a room full of white writers like have to come up with
a name for a black man, and so that is a factor for us.
I would like to hear all the pitches.
I bet you would.
And also the conversations that we have about it, this is the real world, the ugly, strange,
twisted, balloon animal world of racial consciousness, like white writers going like, well, I don't know.
Well, not that for sure.
And one of the things is he's not named Jamal, that's for sure.
I just went all the way.
His name is Elroy Patashnik.
I was like, I can't, I'm running from this.
I'm not doing it.
Giordello, Jaffet Koto's character in the homicide, it was based on a real story, and the real
head of the homicide department was a Sicilian.
But when they cast the actors, the actor they liked the most was Jaffet Koto.
So they didn't change the script at all.
He was just named Al Giordello, and for the whole series he walks around when the officers
are confused, and he just says, the Sicilians have a saying, and he speaks in Sicilian.
And then he says, get out of my office, and he pulls a red table wine out and, you know,
starts eating Italian food.
Really?
The Sicilian food.
They just didn't bother to change it.
No, no, no, they didn't change it at all.
That's great.
And then later on, they wanted to bring him a son, bring his personal life into it, and
they brought a real Black Sicilian.
They brought Giancarlo Esposito into play.
His son just sort of had this crashing of details.
That's great.
Do you guys remember when Dan said, I'll fuck your mama and her infection?
It rhymed with some
No, I know, but I
I find these days that when I rap, one of two things happens.
Something comes out that's so gross that I stop and go, that's gross.
Or it's just stuff that I've already said.
It's like mentally exploring the idea that there is a man somewhere that refers to his
wife's vagina as her infection.
See, were that conjured in my mind that it wasn't her vagina?
She had some other infection that he was fucking.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
It might have been on her thigh, you know, or her calf or something.
Or like maybe Adam and Eve.
Adam was like, oh, you're so great.
I don't know why I'm attracted to you.
I am.
What is that?
Are you sick?
It looks likeit could look like a
It does seem like you're not well.
Like in a vacuum.
In a vacuum.
If all you knew was men and then a woman pulled her pants down, you'd be like, are you all right?
And vice versa.
Yeah.
If all you saw were women and then a man, you'd be like, whoa.
The first time I saw you.
You really have to get that looked at.
It's not a controversial statement.
Yeah.
I think what you're saying, Dan, is boys have wee-wees and girls have crack-wees.
Well, it's likeit's similar to, like, ax wound, which is such a grudge.
I mean, which is a terrible thing to say.
I'm really laughing because
There are 900 words for a vagina and none of them are pleasant, really.
I mean, a couple that are passable, but mostly just no.
Paloma.
No, you just ruined that name.
You call her Pussy Paloma?
No, that's our name for unborn daughter that is not
He just called your pussy your Paloma.
I mean, we'll just change it.
Her name just won't be Paloma.
Dan and I have talks about naming a daughter Paloma.
Paloma!
Pull it together.
All right.
Sorry, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
When you say you're unborn daughter, have you conceived?
Are you trying to actively right now?
I don't know.
No.
I'm giggling because you're the first person who's asked.
No, we are not actively trying towhat a weird question.
I don't know.
Are you trying to make a baby?
You said that.
No, no.
I'm sorry for being too personal.
That's way too personal.
I'm sorry.
I don't need to press you down.
I'm coming in her tits a lot.
Does that
Which brings us back to cock ring story.
But I'm stopping it up with a paper towel
and doing what I call stuffing.
The tunnel.
Isn't it?
We read somewhere
It's a great way to get an infection.
We call it demerging.
What?
That wasn't fair.
I'm just here, man.
I'm just here.
We're waiting until June 1st.
We're going to start conceiving.
We've decided we want our child's birthday
to be a very specific date.
So we're just going to cast a wide net
and take advantage of our God-given right to abortion.
We're not Republicans, for God's sake.
I want my kid to be born on April 15th.
Because I want everyone to remember
my taxes are due and also
It'll be our first child, but our fifth pregnancy.
I mean, you guys, those of you who have come to the show live,
this glow is not un-pregnant.
Look at me.
Beaming.
What if we can't have kids?
I mean, if anybody can't, it's got to be me, right?
Don't I just seem sterile?
I feel sterile.
I just feel like I feel so sterile.
Is that your way of just talking yourself
out of ever having to wear a condom?
It's like, oh, baby, I'd never get you pregnant.
No, I've never used that as an excuse in the past.
I'm married now.
I'm just saying like, yeah, no, it just doesn't seem like
When I look at myself in the mirror, I don't go, ah, potency.
I go like, eh, apology amati.
You don't picture him firing off like a million geomatis.
You think in order to make a new apology amati,
you'd have to catch one and distill it and help it,
put wheels on the back on its tail,
put it on a sperm track to an egg that's like in braces.
We made a new geomati.
It wasn't easy.
The park is open.
I don't know what kind of new geomati you're making in there.
It doesn't sound like a good idea.
Don't you see what you're doing, geomati?
You're tampering with nature.
Spent so much time thinking whether you could make another apology.
You didn't stop.
That is one big pile of geomati shit.
I think it's time to start getting into our shadow run for this evening.
Fuckin' hey, man.
Yeah, that's why I brought him out early, see?
You brought me on at the normal time.
Well, I brought you out earlier, but then we talked,
and you know how we usually bring you out?
It's normal time.
Normal time you bring me out.
It's my fault.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Just call him like you see it.
Well, I listened to the show last week,
and I heard all of your awesome characters
I'm very excited about,
and so I should probably start off by revealing my character, correct?
Yeah.
Correct.
Is that good?
Is that a right sponsor?
Yeah, that's fine, because our characters all know each other.
So, we're not going to be meeting each other.
No.
We're going to be beginning on, as I understand it,
we're going to be beginning already having known each other.
Yeah, you're like a team of shadow runners.
I love it.
There you go.
I'm so excited.
We're going to really try to do it right,
and I'm sorry I got, but not too drunk.
I just got a little too drunk.
But I mean, not too drunk.
All right, well my character's name is Eve.
Yes.
Eve was born, you know what?
Do you play a little Vangelis?
Funny you should say that.
I think I have a song for my thing.
If I were here last week, I would have done musical.
Oh, by the way, last week, I never said, like,
Yacht was the name of the band, right, Dustin?
Like Yacht, who's like, actually, I mean,
they don't need to give their music away.
That was a great band.
Yeah.
Who did I play tonight, Dustin?
The song called My Kind of Devil.
Do we know?
It's not on here, but we'll find it out.
We'll put it on the thing.
But thank you for ever wrote that.
I like that song.
Okay, so here we go with Eve.
Let's see what we got here.
If you like any music you hear in the show,
go find out who made it.
Jamal has a mix of all the music tonight
at blackfire.org.
Here it is.
Pardon me.
Eve was born the daughter of two loving middle-class
Elf shamans.
Before her birth, her parents ran a successful chain
of alchemy stores in Seattle,
but they were squeezed out of business by big alchemy.
And with a baby on the way,
they chose very reluctantly to work
for the megacorporation Neonet.
In exchange for big pay, they became nothing more
than corporate mage slaves,
selling their magic, that's in the book,
selling their magic and prostituting
their sacred shamanic tradition,
helping Neonet enhance their security
and exploit the world.
When their daughter, Ev Duriel, was born,
they were determined to protect her
from their own sad fate.
Before she could be given a system ID number
and be absorbed by the states,
they took their newborn daughter and left her
to the Elf magicians who lived in the woods
around Seattle in mystic harmony
with the Native American shamans of the Salish tribe.
There, between her new elven and Native American family,
she grew to learn and control her own powerful magic
and to connect with the great spirits of Mother Earth.
At 13 years old, however,
her peaceful life was shattered
when her community was raided by awakened cops
on astral patrol for illegal gatherings of magicians.
Many of her people were slaughtered or arrested.
Like Ev Duriel managed to escape,
alone and terrified and burning with hatred
for the violent power of the megacorps
that destroyed her life and the lives of parents
she'd never known.
Ev Duriel vowed to use her magic, however she could,
to undermine the powerful and return this world
to its natural state of harmony with Earth's great spirit
and maybe see her family again.
But, not done.
Before fleeing the woods to hide
in the bustling anonymity of the city sprawl,
she called upon the spirit world for guidance.
Her buried anger and stormy personality
led her to take on the powerful mentor spirit
of the Thunderbird,
whose beacon claws are lightning and her cries,
the clap of thunder!
The Thunderbird spirit now guides her to use her power for good
and to destroy those who would oppose the spirits
of the natural world.
Armed with her magic, a cat-like agility
and an old Comanche war club,
she learned to survive on the streets as a shadow runner.
She is now 20 years old,
and she runs by the name of Eve Libertine.
It is such a shame.
There should have been someone doing an interpretive dance
during that.
I want you guys to do that over again,
but remember when your mother got shot.
Alright.
So everyone knows everyone, right?
You're all, you're all ready.
I know Mercy, I know Eve,
and I want to recount,
what's your character's name tomorrow?
Hordegard.
Okay, the most amazing character ever.
Yeah, I snorted.
Deal with it.
Hashtag, yes, all snorters.
Timely.
Yes, all snorters.
Alright.
Okay.
I have new theme music for Spencer's new intro to Shadowrun.
The thing is, I'm not sure if there's like a proper intro to this,
because it's, you know,
because those were all kind of like recaps,
but there's nothing to recap.
Okay, then we'll say that for next time.
Yeah, maybe. I don't know. I don't know you guys.
Okay.
So you're all shadow runners, you're on a shadow running team,
we all know this.
That's background.
What?
Maybe just an intro.
Maybe you guys care, what is your investment in this music?
Because it makes it special.
Does it?
We like it.
I mean, it would be special if I got to say the things that I wrote.
I mean, that's special to me.
All this hubbub isn't doing it. I don't know.
When did you stop believing in magic?
I don't get it.
We'll save the music for next time,
we'll make it special for our recap kind of all of the old days.
Right now we'll just go and dry.
Make sense to me, Jeff.
All right. Shadow runners, shadow running team, gotcha.
All right.
You all pile out of your Uber before the car scoots away,
leaving you standing in the shade of the rotting wooden facade
of a dive bar.
Hank's last stand.
You've all received the same message from your fixer,
and you're going to miss.
The message is as follows.
Listen, guys, I've done something bad.
I've got to lay low for a while, but look,
I know you need to pay rent, same as always,
so I'm putting you in touch with Teddy.
He was my fixer before I got my star fixin'.
He's your man.
He'll be picking up all of my slack while I'm gone,
and I'll be making a nice little kickback for myself
for every job you guys complete.
So don't be afraid to get your hands dirty.
Anyway, trust me, I'll be back on my feet in a few months.
Don't you fret.
Head to Hank's last stand, got me?
Teddy's the new cool Dennis.
Stand.
So there you are, in front of the dive bar,
and out through the double doors
bursts a squat and strange figure.
It's Teddy.
He's wearing an unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt,
white shorts, and flip flops.
The unbutton hangs from his belt.
Oh, yeah, and he's a dwarf.
Howdy.
I'm Teddy.
It's great to finally meet you a lot.
You see, cool Dennis told me all about you.
Now, I'm sure you have a lot of questions,
and I respect that, but right now,
I've actually got a Johnson on the Rhine
who needs a run soon, as in, like, right now.
So why don't we go inside and see what he needs?
Sound good?
Sounds great.
All right.
Johnson is street talk for a corporate client.
Yes, yes.
All right, Jim, stop wasting our fragging time.
Let's go inside.
Inside the moldy bar is empty,
but for a tired old cowboy of a bartender,
sat in a corner idly watching sports on a big screen TV,
but then Teddy calls out,
Hank, if you wouldn't mind.
The old man nods and flips the game over to ARSpeak,
shuffles out of the back room.
Teddy touches a button on his com link.
That's a cell phone.
And the big screen TV flashes
as a shadowy businessman persona appears on screen.
Teddy's all like,
now if you'll forgive me, Mr. Johnson,
me and the crew were just catching up on old times.
They're old standbys.
The best new upstarts in the shadows.
Isn't that right?
He points to Mercy.
Gestures you to...
Mercy.
That's right. Yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
You're standing facing this shadowy figure
on a big screen television.
Talk to me.
All right.
I'll talk like this because I can't emulate
like a computer voice thing,
like in, you know, the news
when you're trying to hide your voice.
That's what this guy sounds like, okay?
Can we do that in post for the podcast?
Shit, for future episodes,
do we have that effect in board?
I could like get an app for it or something.
I don't know.
I'll figure it out.
That'll be fun.
Let's try it.
Never mind.
You thought you could just...
Yeah, I did.
And it didn't come out the way I thought.
I'd be willing to hear more of that voice.
It's like a giant frog.
Mr. Johnson, you were saying?
All right.
My employers have taken a keen interest
in better-than-life chips.
That's BTLs.
These data chips contain experiences
beyond normal experience.
They inspire emotions.
It's impossible in normal brains
and even out the rough edges.
Better-than-life.
Lately, experimental chips have been
leaking out of the Redmond Barrens.
Crazy chips.
Stronger than ever.
We've heard rumors that these chips
don't have side effects or addiction.
Just rumors, though.
We got a positive ID on an expert
software engineered by the name
of Baldwin Brown,
sighted in and around an abandoned
warehouse that's been beefing up security lately.
Head down there and capture Brown.
Alive.
I want to know what he knows.
Scoop up all the BTLs you come across
and I'll bring them back.
I'll meet you there.
I'll meet you at the drop zone with a payment.
After the fixer fee, I can offer 5,000 each.
I'll throw in an extra 1,000
if you guys want to bring me back crates of BTLs.
Sounds good.
How about you throw in an extra 1,500?
All right.
Let me do this.
I'm rolling dice now.
How's your family?
Oh, it's good.
What is that?
Face.
What was the amount that you said?
1,500.
Nope.
All right.
We will keep that in mind with our timing.
Mercy, what does Baldwin Brown do again?
Who is he?
He's an expert software engineer.
Thanks, Mercy.
So what do you guys say?
I don't know.
5,000 a piece.
I don't trust him.
But I'll do it because I need the money.
I tried to negotiate the bonus.
I really think that this job sounds a little more dangerous
than 5,000.
What's the currency?
New yen.
Oh, OK.
How about 6,000 yen?
Well, that sounds a lot more agreeable.
6,000 it is.
All right.
Nice, Mercy.
You got a great face.
I would also like to go on this mission.
Hey, nightblade.
You're not fucked up again, are you?
Just once I'd like to go on a mission with you
where you're not totally blasted on cyber booze.
You're Kettle Trons and whatnot.
It's our neck we're risking out there, nightblade.
I need the money.
You don't look so good as what I'm trying to tell you.
Were you paying attention at all?
Repeat back to me what Mr. Johnson just asked us to do.
We were supposed to go get Bradley Woodford from the...
Baldwin Brown.
Baldwin Brown has been seen in a warehouse.
We're going to secure him.
He's an engineer from this place that makes these BTL chips.
We're going to grab him and any BTL chips we can.
But she called the currency nyung nyung.
And that's why I'm laughing.
All right.
Because it sounds like a cat food.
What is it?
New Yen.
Nobody tell her.
All right.
Horticard, what do you say?
I have a feeling that this is something that we could do.
Quite easily, but we should go quickly because he is deteriorating this one on the right.
And we will need his...
He's talking to you, nightblade.
Horticard.
You got tricks of cyber kettle on your...
We will need his attributes in the first day of the approach.
You don't have to be a precog to see those guys fucked up.
What do you guys have to worry about, Mia, right?
So someone go on there calmly and find out how far away the Redmond Barons are.
Not far.
Just an Uber right away.
Shall we hop in an Uber?
Sure.
Sure, who calls them?
The fixer.
Perhaps.
Will he do this?
There's an app for that.
I open up the Uber app in my brain.
Just on your cell phone, on the com link.
Okay.
I open up the Uber app and I request an Uber.
An Uber arrives post haste.
Our Uber's here.
I get in.
We exit the last stand.
What's it called?
Hank's last stand.
Go to the Uber.
All right.
Give me all your gum.
Wait, what?
Excuse me?
I'm saying that to the Uber driver.
There is no Uber driver.
Oh, okay.
I see.
All right.
Sorry.
I say that and then I laugh and I'm like, oh, it's a dream I have.
Sometimes I play out the dreams that I have.
What's the plan when we get into you guys?
What's the plan of attack?
Yeah, you might want to.
Yeah.
We got to figure this out.
Okay.
So there's this warehouse.
This guy's holed up in it and we want to just nab him.
We don't want to kill him.
Have it drop us off on the side street.
First of all, we are shadow runners.
We should come out in the shadow.
Of course.
Absolutely.
When we get there and sidebar table talk, this is my first time playing a magic user.
It's going to be a learning curve for me on this one.
I've read a lot.
I'll try to actually perceive or to actually project when we get there to go inside the warehouse to see what's going on.
Oh, that's fantastic.
Should we nab him or are we just getting something from him?
We're going to nab him and as many BTL chips as we can get our hands on.
He's the package for the Johnson.
Right, right.
And I have extraordinary physical stealth skills.
I'm very stealthy as well on Agile.
Yeah.
Also, I can make myself invisible and levitate and shit like that.
I'm as familiar with Hordecai's skill set.
Hordecai.
I have several items at my disposal.
I will keep them to myself.
It is a private inventory.
Yeah.
But you should know my reputation.
Obviously precedes myself.
I would not be part of the team.
No, of course.
Sure.
I have certain precognition skills.
I also have presets that allow me to enhance my physical abilities and mental abilities.
And I can probe minds if we get one and settle somebody down and need to know what's happening.
That's great.
Can you pre-cog what's going on inside that warehouse right now?
Can you foresee the...
I can use general perception, but pre-cogging requires me to retire somewhere and to find a good sound system.
Alright.
If this is going to be all muscle and agility, I'll stand outside and...
We look at a map of the city.
Okay.
We're in Seattle?
Yep.
And we look at where this warehouse is.
Alright.
Can we pick a spot that looks like we could get maybe a good vantage point physically?
Like, you know, safe.
Totally safe.
Not trying to...
I have no soft for the city of Seattle in my mind.
I can look at the building and also its sort of physical plant and no certain points of entry.
Any adjacent buildings?
Pass that to DeMorsch.
Here's a map.
It's a good deal.
Okay.
To DeMorsch.
I love that you're not excited.
He has the map.
You don't have the map.
We got a whole...
I'm sensing that the map is stuck in translation.
Could I please maybe get it to myself?
I'm looking at the map.
Hold on.
That's a train.
It's not yours to have.
I'll have them up for download after the show.
Okay.
Alright.
It's...
The compound is...
I don't think we're supposed to see it.
DeMorsch is supposed to...
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
It's fine.
He can share, but afterwards...
I'm sorry.
If you could read my mind, what a tale my heart would tell.
There's a warehouse surrounded by a large fence.
The whole area is in the barrens.
It's just this destroyed, devastated area.
There's all sorts of squat shells of buildings you can kind of hide out and scope out the place if you wish.
And that's where the Uber kind of drops you off.
It's just in an alleyway, kind of about 600 feet off.
What time of day is it?
It's about 6 p.m. It's getting dark.
Okay.
Shadows are coming out.
Don't worry about, you know, us elves in our low light vision.
I have cyber eyes.
So from your vantage point, you can see the low-roofed warehouse.
It's on a big hunk of land fenced off by a 10-foot tall fence topped with knife wire.
You see shattered, burnt-out buildings all over the place surrounding the lot.
And through the fence, you see the warehouse with a loading dock for trucks.
The only entrance you can see on the compound is on the south side.
There's a big gate controlled by a small gatehouse.
Far from state-of-the-art security, the fence looks old,
and you only see three armed guards manning the gate with submachine guns.
One bulky security camera on the fence surveys the road leading up to the gate.
Someone's going to take out that camera.
Well, first let's talk about these fences.
The ones that don't have a gate on them.
What keeps one from getting in?
Wow.
Linked chains.
It's a chain link fence.
And they're high, and they have...
A 10-feet tall topped with knife wire.
Knife wire.
Yup. That's a real thing.
Yeah. BFD.
To a guy like me.
Can I go up to the fence without being seen?
Which fence?
Not the one by the guards, but like farther away from them.
Yeah, probably.
I go up there to check it out to see.
You got to stealthily sneak up to see if there's any sensors,
like a wire is connected to it, if it's electrified.
What's your agility plus sneaking?
Um...
Quick.
Don't make me rush.
Agility is four, and my sneaking is...
Six.
All right.
You do it without being seen.
Fuck yeah.
You're up on a fence.
You're right by the knife wires.
I tried to use my perception on the fence and see what's going on.
If it looks like there's any hidden sensors or things that might trip.
You don't see any sensors.
It's pretty rusted and old, actually.
All right.
I'll go back to the group and relay that information.
Mm-hmm.
Hey.
Listen, don't run up to shit like that without us making a plan.
You don't own me Nightblade.
I lived alone in this town for four years.
I'm a man without a past!
All right, look, we know that the two of you have...
The two of you have this will-they-won't-they bullshit.
Let's cool it for a second and focus on the task at hand.
We're gonna work as a team, you know?
All right, well, cool it, Nightblade.
Cool it.
I'm telling her to cool it.
I take the note.
All right.
So I'm wondering, you know, I got a nano whip in my fingertip compartment.
We all know.
Yeah, like, that's the first time we've heard this story.
I'm not bragging, but I might be able to cut through the chain link, I'm not sure.
Do I know from experience if chain link is something that would thwart my nano whip?
No.
You know it would not do that, in fact.
I know it wouldn't thwart it?
Yes.
In fact, your nano whip would thwart the chain link.
Like a knife through butter.
So we could go in, I mean, we could frag the three skisballs at the front gate.
I'd say it's better to go and clean through the side.
I would suggest perhaps that we align ourselves directly in front of the security gate at a certain distance.
That we first toss into the compound, the security compound, a smoke bomb.
That's perhaps driving them out and perhaps each pick a target and shoot with each of the three guards.
Let's listen to the Nazi doctor.
I'm worried the smoke bomb will draw out all of the people inside as well.
The security guards.
Yeah, there's only three.
Only three.
But if we have these aligned, we each take one shot.
Right, but I think that beyond those three, there's like more, you know, in there.
And if we, the smoke bombs, that's going to, like, that's going to say, hey, everybody inside the compound,
let's have all of you come out the front and deal with this.
But they're inside.
Perhaps we can...
Security guards on the outside of the gate.
Can we create a diversion?
Maybe I walk in, I'm wearing an action-ear business clothes.
And we all know I have this face.
Maybe I talk to the guards while you come in through the side.
That's good.
So we got, you know, we got going in through the back door.
We got smoke bomb, weird Atari 2600 take all comers at the front door.
I have improved invisibility where I'm invisible to guards and sensors.
Well, let's have Eve do that then.
You don't like walk through the front door?
Let's do that, but if we take that choice, then I would choose then to use a silent,
I have a silent gun, a gun with a silencer, and I would use that.
Well, yeah, that's a good move.
I call them a mentor of spirit, Spencer, the Thunderbird, for guidance on this.
Thunderbirds, like, you should check it out first.
That's what I've been saying, Thunderbird.
Car, car.
That's what I've been saying.
Everybody, we're all able to be in constant contact with each other.
Yeah, you have your com links and microtransceivers.
All right, everybody, test your transceivers.
Check.
Are you hearing me?
OK, we can split up, and I'm going to nano whip through the back door as a tour,
and I'm going to, anybody I see, I'm going to take them out with stealth.
I think we should have an emergency code that we have in case the shit hits the fan,
in which case we all run, or...
Yeah.
We can't just run out and call on Uber.
There's probably a spot that we're in right now.
I say, here's what I say.
I say, Nightblade, you go in, nano-whip that fence,
go in, see what you've got.
And we need two people to cover the front gate.
So if anything goes weird with the guards there,
we'll take them out.
That's true.
That's their only way out.
That's how we should be looking at this.
These guys are pigs in a pen.
What?
Wait, what?
So you're saying that the two people on the outside
need to be on the outside, because that's their only way out.
And we're going to execute the people that are leaving?
No, I'm saying we're going in there to get a guy.
The front gate is not important for us to get in,
but it is important for us to keep an eye on in case
the guy we're trying to get tries to get out.
I see.
OK, I can stand at the front gate.
I can't do much physically, aside from having a great face.
So I'll do that.
I just, that sounds fine.
I don't want to.
When the rest of the group settles on the plan,
I am fully equipped to do whatever the task is assigned to me.
Nightblade, you want to go try to get in,
keep us posted on the com links.
And if there's trouble, we come charging in after you.
If not, we'll see what we see, and then we'll take it from there.
All right, sound good?
I'm going to go in.
All right, I'm going to nano whip the fence.
All right, so there's multiple sides.
It's like a rectangle of a fence, so northeast, south, or west.
I want to go in the west side.
All right, which side?
OK.
Just so you know, just in the middle of that fence,
once you get over, there are crates.
If you need to scale them, you could perhaps arrange them
to get to the top of the warehouse.
Well, that might make a good visual cover for the hole
I cut in it.
It's good.
Do what you like.
Look for these crates that he's talking about.
Where are these crates?
You find the crates.
On this side of the fence, you're actually
pretty close to the warehouse itself.
There's only kind of a narrow five or six feet space,
and it's kind of packed with crates, so yeah.
I like that.
Sounds like good cover.
Using the visual cover of the crates,
I nano whip a man-sized hole in the chain link.
You do that successfully, you neatly slice.
You guys see a sized hole?
With that, we are officially shadow running.
That's right, that was the wrong hand.
My nano whip is in a fingertip compartment
on my human arm.
My bionic arm is the other arm.
OK.
All right, you're inside.
You're right next to this warehouse.
The property is big and deserted.
It's the perfect spot for secret research.
You can see an old rusted storage container
on the far side of the yard, trash,
litters of the ground.
You're also right next to a shooting range
with targets and bullets and stuff.
What's the nearest structure from these crates?
You're right next to the warehouse,
but you're not next to a door.
You don't see any doors on the side of the building you're on.
How far physically are we away from the guards
at the front gate?
I mean, about 250 feet if you're kind of near where he is.
OK.
Is there, do I see a way to, well, it doesn't matter.
I'm Jim Nightblade.
I want to go to the warehouse and use my grappling gun
to get to the roof.
All right, you do that.
Guys, he's going in alone.
I'm going to go on with him.
All right, be careful.
If you follow him, please be careful.
If you go to the south on the outside,
there is a bit of a sinkhole.
And you might, as it gets darker, be prone to falling in.
So please be careful.
How do you know all this?
A perception on this?
I have a city of Seattle map.
My mind is one of my no-softs.
Oh, us?
OK, that's very good.
Thank you, Hordegaard.
Hordegaard, where's the best place for me
to stand if I'm standing in a position to talk to somebody?
It's like somebody's talking about guards or people
who would inquire.
The gate is on the south side in the middle.
The road that leads to the front gate
is the only way out and the only way in.
And this in-science inside leads to the loading dock.
The gatehouse is next to that.
It's a sentry unit, and it is separate, of course,
from the gate, just a sentry house with three guards inside.
OK, I'm going to walk around in front of that.
You're saying the front gate is the best place?
It would appear to be a front gate,
but it's on the south side.
OK, I'm going to walk around there with my, I'm sorry,
what is it, a selby?
What is the cell phone?
Comlick.
Comlick, sorry.
Almost had it.
I'm going to have my Comlick up and make it look like I'm
standing there waiting for somebody to pick me up,
so I will be in disguise.
All right, as you approach, you're still a good 40 yards off,
and the guards turn and aim their submachine guns at you
and start yelling, hey, get back, get back, get back, get back.
Gentlemen, I'm sorry.
I turn my face towards the great gentleman.
Boys, boys.
Boys will be boys.
I'm so sorry.
My son is being brought here to me.
I've got to play with him.
Screwed it up.
I'm sorry, gentlemen.
I'm just a lady, a little lost, and I'll back away,
but is it OK if I just stand kind of here?
Because this is where I've told my son's father to meet me.
We're no longer together.
What a bastard.
I know how that goes.
No way, you don't know how that goes.
You're too handsome to ever be alone.
I think that most of the time.
I don't want to be forward, but with your beard
and your looks, you look like a lumber sexual.
Oh, I'm clean shaven.
Clean shaven.
That's right.
All right, well, sir, if you don't mind me standing here
with my phone and occasionally looking over at you
and fantasizing, then I think we're good.
Well, that sounds mighty fine.
All right.
Nightblade, what do you see in there?
You're on a roof.
I'm on a roof.
Are there windows on the outside of the structure?
No, it's a windowless building.
All right.
I climbed the rope up there with him.
Oof.
You climb up, but you slip and fall on your face
right at the top.
Am I on the roof?
Yeah.
Am I hurt?
Nope.
OK.
You just made a noise.
Oops, sorry.
I used my grappling gun.
Well, you were already, wait, how?
No, I mean, I was just explaining to her.
Oh, OK.
I used my grappling gun.
I examine the rooftop for any sort of skylights
or any sort of ingress.
You don't see any skylights, but you do see,
it just looks like a, what do you call it, like a great,
yeah, just a grill, like a great,
it's screwed on tight.
See that grill?
Yeah.
It's just getting a closer look.
It's just a grill.
It's a Phillips head screws bolted.
You know what that looks like to my nanowhip?
More butter.
Looks like we will be conceiving tonight.
I mean, I don't have any tools for screw, screw, screws.
Do I have, like, a screwdriver?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
It'd probably say something like that.
Do you have a screwdriver?
I don't have a screwdriver.
If you're out there and you're listening,
you can proceed north on top of the building.
There is some sort of loading dock there.
If you can drop down there, you can find ingress,
or egress, perhaps, if you are inside,
but you would find ingress.
OK, let's not get caught up on that.
But I'm just saying.
The structure is there, perhaps an easier one,
but perhaps also one that is guarded.
All right, Napele, the sneak to the north side of the building.
Go to that loading dock.
What about the grate?
We don't have the tools, man.
I can have a nano-whip.
Look, Nightblade.
Can I use my combat sense to see what troubles
might befall them?
You can sense that they're not in any immediate danger
at the moment.
I sense it, you are not, in any immediate danger.
But don't hold me to that.
If you want a nano-whip that great,
I'm not going to stand in your way.
That's what she said.
Sorry, I'm so sorry.
We talked about harassment on the runs.
Let me just take a peek.
A nano-whip the great.
All right.
Yep, you nano-whip the great.
Wrong finger, wrong finger, wrong finger.
You slice a hole in it, and it's kind of like a can,
where it's hanging by like a little thread, you know?
Nice.
How's the size?
It's man-sized.
I got a man-sized grate.
Why don't you take a peek and take a little gander
down there, Nightblade?
Let's start going in the grate.
Wait, you do what?
I go in.
Oh, you go in.
Well, it's just kind of like a hole in the ceiling.
If you go in, you'd just be kind of like dropping
through a hole.
Is that what you do?
Oh, you mean like down below is the warehouse itself?
Yeah.
Oh, then let me look and get a lay of the land.
You do that.
You see a card table with two guys playing cards
and drinking alcohol.
They're not seeming to pay much attention.
They got their pistols on the table.
I got two bogeys.
You also see two semi-trucks and crates all over the place
and a forklift in one corner.
Two bogeys playing cards.
It's all I got in here.
PortaGuy, what do you see down there?
Anything else we need to know about?
Our own vision, good enough there, Spencer.
What?
To see around inside the warehouse.
You see the things I said.
There's nothing else to see.
So can I use my grappling gun to descend like Spider-Man?
Well, you can hook it on something
and then climb down on the rope, like tying a rope
to a fixed object.
How far away are they from us?
40 feet.
And how far is 40 feet down?
No, I mean it's diagonal.
OK, so it's 20 feet or so down?
Yep.
So I can fix my grapple to the roof here
and then descend with my grappling gun.
Yes.
I'm going to give it a shot.
All right.
I'll be right behind you if you need me to.
What's your agility plus sneaking?
Get ready for go time.
I'd like this to be a black bag job,
but it might be fracapalooza.
My agility is, it's me, Dan.
My agility is five, and my, what was the other thing?
Sneaking.
Sneaking is four, and it says parentheses plus four.
OK.
That's sneaky.
All right, you descend unseen or heard.
You're right above the floor.
You can touch the floor if you want.
OK, I'll wait until you're off the thing
before I descend after you.
I touch it.
I leave my grapple so that my friend can come down too.
You do that quietly.
I descend as well.
That happens.
OK.
They don't see us?
They don't.
They're not paying close attention apparently.
What do you think?
I can stun these guys and knock them out with a stun bolt
from a distance if you want.
Let's check them with the team.
Come on, chuckleheads, talk to me.
I'm a chucklehead.
Sounds good.
Once again, if I could tap into combat sense
to see what sort of risk they are in.
They might be in danger if they screw up.
They're in more immediate danger than they were before.
Can we pull up an image of this Baldwin character
we're looking for?
Is there a photo online of this guy that we can see?
So if we know we're looking for the right guy?
Yeah, you do that.
He looks like an aging bald man with glasses.
Does he look like one of those guys playing cards there?
No, these are young dudes.
There's a 20-year-old orc and then a 20-ish-year-old human.
Any kind of non-lethal?
I got loads.
I can knock them out with a stun bolt if you like.
Both of them?
Yeah, it's an area spell.
Stun bolt is not an area spell.
No, no, no.
Stun ball, I mean.
There you go.
Stun ball, all right.
You think you can take two of them out with a stun ball?
I mean, let's not waste my spells if we don't have to.
It drains a magician to use that stuff.
Do you think we do that right away?
I think it's worth it to try as hard as we can
to go non-lethal.
And I mean, we only see these two people.
Let's try to stun ball them.
All right.
You sure?
Hold on, I'm getting a Sim sense.
Do you boys need help in there?
I have stealth.
I can maybe help you out if you need some backup.
Aren't you at the front gate just flirting?
I don't like it when you degrade what I do, but yes.
Yes, that is what I am doing.
Well, stay there.
Keep them occupied.
Nightblade, I also have an X-Shocker taser gun.
It's only a single shot thing, so I can't get them both.
Well, if your stun ball is a ranged thing that
could stun two people, that's perfect for these poker players.
I cast a, I harness, first of all, my combat spell casting.
I touch my red feather earring and summon the spell casting
focus to increase my combat.
And I throw a force three stun ball at the guards.
All right.
What's your spell casting plus magic?
11.
11, huh.
What do I get?
Do I get a plus two for the spell casting?
Was I added in?
Yes, so that'd be 13 all the time.
13.
Erin asking, do you have just one earring?
Yes.
Which ear is it in?
It's my left ear.
Thank you.
Mm.
All right.
Means to parties.
So you fire off a stun ball.
What did I do?
Ah!
Ah.
It lands right in the middle of them, and it hits them.
They attempt to twist out of the way,
and they take a lesser effect, and they
end up taking some damage.
Hold on.
There better be an app with all of Jeff's different magic
noises in a human.
There better be.
She buried the lead on that spell.
Do whatever!
It's a man of the sun ball I'm shooting.
It takes a lot out of you.
One of them goes down to the ground cold,
and the other one seems to have dodged out of the way.
Rush him, Nightblade!
Yeah, when it's my turn, I'll use my science equipped Ares
Predator 5 that's in my bionic arm.
All right, you got the surprise on him.
So what's your pistols plus agility?
I mean, I'm assuming I'm not close enough to him
to do anything non-lethal.
Like, I have a stun baton, and I mean, that's about it.
So what's your agility plus pistols?
Well, you're making me kill this guy.
Well, you said you were firing at him with your gun, right?
Well, I just wanted to make sure before I do that.
I wasn't close enough to him to stun baton him, right?
No.
You have the element of surprise.
I'm not.
Well, not anymore.
Now the stun ball's in play.
Adam, don't heckle the gym.
OK, so, OK, so you need to know my.
Adam's real born on the 4th of July,
right now, I read.
I mean, shit's gone bad.
It's the first act of heat.
No, the cat's out of the bag.
I've got a stun ball.
I'll sleep like a baby tonight.
OK, so you're looking for, sorry, one more time.
I'm a little drunk.
Agility plus pistols.
Agility is five, and pistols is two parentheses plus two.
Is there a shorthand for those numbers when it's two?
Well, if it's plus two, then just add them all up.
So five plus two plus two would be nine.
OK, great.
Cool.
Ooh.
Yeah, you plug them right in the face.
Wow, a little bit overkill, huh, Nightblade?
That's bat and cleanup.
Yeah, he gets shot in the face and goes down.
Every time you fuck up, casting the spell,
that's what it looks like as a human cost noted.
I go up there and secure their weapons.
All right, you take two Ingram smart guns.
I'm hyper-vigilant.
I'm in a fucking PTSD fucking 360.
My heart's beating.
You see no one.
Outside, Mercy and Hordegaard hear the report of a pistol.
Silence, sir.
Oh, then they don't.
I sense that something has gone down, and I'm checking in.
Do you see crates?
Yeah, there's crates everywhere in here.
In the building.
This place is lousy with crates.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, you don't see anyone else in the room that you're in.
Are there any doors that we see along the walls?
There's a door to the east that's
leading presumably out of the building.
There's a door to the south.
We should check these trucks.
OK.
I mean, I will.
You go ahead.
I'm going to go up.
There's one door that's presumably leaving at the loading
block or what?
Yeah.
And then the other one looks like it might be an interior room.
Yep.
I go to that door and take out my endoscope
and put it under the door to take a look around.
You do that.
You see three large machines that look like they're
producing something.
You don't know quite what from your low angle.
You also see a concrete barrier that blocks your vision
towards the right.
It's kind of the only things you can see are those two things.
Machines and a barrier.
OK.
I report that over to Nightblade.
What's in those trucks?
Oh, go check these trucks.
They're full of crates.
The crates are sealed shut.
Boxes and boxes.
What was it Nabokov said?
Package is just a package for a package.
I got a door over here at Nightblade
that I can't see the whole situation in here.
I said we come in their guns of blazing.
I load my gun with stick and shock bullets.
You do that.
Well, hold on.
So the cheeky peas up front talking to these three guys.
If we take out those three guys, then she can come in.
It's like we've got the whole yard covered, right?
We can all, like maybe we should take those guys out
at the South Gate.
Well, can I try just talking to them and see what happens?
Yeah.
See if I can get in.
OK.
I will choose to come in.
I will choose to approach as cover.
Yeah, keep their attention.
You see if you can get all three of them
to be talking to you, all facing you at the same time,
none of them facing north.
All right.
I positioned myself south.
I'm so sad.
I just got the worst news.
I'm so weak.
The clean, shaven guy comes over to you and is like,
why are you weak?
Oh, my son that I was meant to meet here, I guess,
he was killed by one of those dirty shadow runners.
Some shadow runner was on a run.
And my son was standing in the way.
And I'm so sorry to ask this, but I've
been going to this cyber therapy that's,
my cyber therapist told me that the only thing that could
calm me down was three men, one with two hands on my head
and the other two with two hands on either arm.
And this is so embarrassing.
But if you could please just touch me.
Please.
He touches you.
Can you ask your friends to also touch me?
And just listen to me.
I guess I can do that.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry.
This is so embarrassing.
I am some distance away, but I am holding my rifle poised.
And I am looking for an open shot,
should an opportunity present it.
OK, yeah, there's some shots open.
Do I see the, I want to leave the warehouse through the,
is there, if I go towards the south,
is that where the south gate is?
No, if you go towards the south, that's towards the door
that he's peeking through.
But that'll put us out towards the gate, right?
No, that's an interior door.
Oh, I'm looking to go toward Aaron.
All right.
Mercy.
You came in through the ceiling.
Right.
Where we are, are there any?
South gate is to the south, right?
Are there any businesses near?
Yeah, but it's outside.
Are there any businesses that we saw on the way over here
in the Uber?
No, they're all destroyed.
They're just like destroyed, bombed buildings and stuff.
OK.
All right, I tried to find an exit from the warehouse.
OK, a different exit?
Yeah, OK.
A one that provides me egress from the warehouse itself.
There's the loading dock.
That's where the trucks came in.
It's open.
So that's where Eve is?
No.
No, I'm in another door.
I'll come with you over there.
OK, let's try the loading dock.
Do we know if there's dudes there?
There aren't any dudes there.
All right, so I'm just trying to get to the south gate.
If you exit the loading dock, you'll see a path,
a winding path, which leads you straight to the gate.
You will also pass a storage unit,
so perhaps you would be careful and perhaps check that out,
but usual priorities.
All right, all right.
You exit the loading dock, and you
see the three guys touching Mercy, who's on the floor in pain.
What's the range?
200 feet.
And they're back to us?
Yeah.
All right.
Time to fucking like.
Can we synchronize so that we shoot at the same time?
Mm-hmm.
We have to make sure that Mercy ducks and gets out of the way.
Well, she's out of the shot.
She's on the ground and stuff.
Oh, she is.
I think.
I am.
You collapsed, yeah.
What's an objective way of picking dudes?
So you can't do like 3 o'clock, 12 o'clock.
How do you go?
The two of you are together.
You both look at each other and say, I'll take this one.
I'll take that one.
I am not with you, so I will take the one that is remaining.
Spencer, can I say to the gentleman, thank you.
I know this is such an inconvenience,
but if the three of you, this is the way my therapist explained
to me, it was the way that this ended, if the three of you
could just turn towards each other,
and I will walk away symbolizing me walking away
from my pain.
If you just for a moment can link and just stare at the ground,
it will take just 30 seconds or so, and I thank you so much.
And if I ever meet you again, I promise I'll
be generous with my kindness.
Lock and load, guys.
Lock and load.
You're already fine.
Just have each of them hold between one and three fingers up.
It's too lengthy a process.
We'll take care of it.
I'm just wanting to get away from the situation,
so they're just standing there.
All right, we'll go with Hortagum's plan.
I'll just kill whoever I can, and he'll kill whoever.
We'll just start killing people.
I'm using stick and shock on mine,
because I prefer non-lethal if I can.
Well, OK.
All right, if you want to go up there and cut
those throats when they're down.
I can't.
If I could get close, I would stun Botanum.
I don't like to kill people.
The one you stun, I will take out.
I'm not stunning anybody.
I'm not going to get that close.
I'm going to shoot them in the head with my gun.
I feel like, but could they really
kill all guards at once, find out next time?
Thank you, everybody.
All right.
Jamorge Brown, thank you so much.
Erin McGathy, Spencer Crittenden, Jamal,
thank you for coming up.
I'm Jeff Davis, Dan Harmon, your mayor, everybody.
Next week, there'll be music for Shadow Run.
It's going to be very exciting.
If you want to know whose music we played tonight,
I'm assuming there's somewhere you can go, right?
Yeah, we'll post that online on the website,
and we'll make sure everybody knows about the music.
Yeah.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Feral Audio.